feat(queue): add support for update_method and update_bot_account (#3034)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/actions/queue.rst

       itself. The user account **must** have already been
       logged in Mergify dashboard once and have **write** or **maintain** permission.

   * - ``update_method``
     - string
     - ``merge``

>      -
>        Method to use to update the pull request with its base branch when the
>        speculative checks is done ``inplace``.
>        Possible values:
> 
>        * ``merge`` to merge the base branch into the pull request.
>        * ``rebase`` to rebase the pull request against its base branch.
> 
>        Note that the ``rebase`` method has some drawbacks, see :ref:`update method rebase`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Method to use to update the pull request with its base branch when the
       speculative check is done in-place.
       Possible values:

       * ``merge`` to merge the base branch into the pull request.
       * ``rebase`` to rebase the pull request against its base branch.

       Note that the ``rebase`` method has some drawbacks, see :ref:`update method rebase`.
```

    This feature does not work for cross-repository dependencies.

.. _update method rebase:

> Rebase as update_method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Rebase to Update
```

=======================

> Using the ``rebase`` method for to update pull with its base branch has many
> drawbacks:
> 
> * It doesn't work for private forked repositories.
> 
> * Due to the change of all commits SHA-1 of the pull request, your
>   contributor will need to force-push its own branch if they add new
>   commits.
> 
> * GitHub branch protection of your repository may dismiss approved reviews.
> 
> * GitHub branch protection of the contributor repository may refuse Mergify to
>   force push the rebased pull request.
> 
> * GPG signed commits will lost their signatures.
> 
> * Mergify will use a token from one of the repository member to force-push the
>   branch. GitHub Applications are not allowed to do that so. This is a GitHub
>   limitation that we already have reported — there is not much Mergify can do
>   about that. In order to make this works, Mergify randomly picks and borrows a
>   token from one of your repository member and uses it to force-push the
>   rebased branch. If you need to control that looks at ``update_bot_account`` option.
>   The GitHub UI will show your collaborator as the author of
>   the push, while it actually has been executed by Mergify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the ``rebase`` method to update a pull request with its base branch has some
drawbacks:

* It doesn't work for private forked repositories.

* Every commits SHA-1 of the pull request will change. The pull request author
  will need to force-push its own branch if they add new commits.

* GitHub branch protections of your repository may dismiss approved reviews.

* GitHub branch protection of the contributor repository may deny Mergify
  force-pushing the rebased pull request.

* GPG signed commits will lose their signatures.

* Mergify will impersonate one of the repository members to force-push the
  branch as GitHub Applications are not authorized to do that by themselves.
  If you need to control which user is impersonated, you can use the ``update_bot_account`` option.
  Be aware that the GitHub UI will show the collaborator as the author of the push, while it was actually executed by Mergify.
```
